Bernard's secret revealed.
Man in black pays a visit to Dolores.
Host gets repaired.
There's a flashback.
Radiohead's song played.
The maze is referenced.
Maeve uses her powers.
A character gets redemption.
"Wake up, Dolores".
A new host storyline is presented (perhaps by Sizemore).
Dolores turn a human into a host.
Dolores hacks a machine (not another host).
Dolores loses conciousness.
Bernard switches personalities.
Bernard resentfully fights someone.
"Who you really are".
Maeve escapes a persecutor.
Charlotte pitches a business idea.
Ford's ghost appears.
Caleb takes a gig.
There's a four-legged animal (dog, elephant, horse, buffalo, etc.).
Same scene plays out more than once.
A host has a glitch.
"That doesn't look like anything to me".
A human finds out another human is actually a host.
A host finds out they are actually a host, and not human.
"Freeze all motor functions".
A character has a fast wardrobe change.
A character is seen in more than 3 outfits in one episode.
Someone swims.
A religious reference is made by a character (e.g. comparing hosts to higher beings).
A non-fiction historical reference is made by a character (e.g. discussing a past war).
A literary reference is made by a character (e.g. quoting shakespeare).
Code appears on screen.
Scene from Park 1: Westworld.
Scene from Park 2: Shogunworld.
Scene from Park 3: Warworld.
Scene from Park 4: ?.
Scene from Park 5: ?.
Scene from Park 6: The Raj.
A human who we thought was dead (e.g. Emily) appears in a host's body.
Rehoboam predicts the future.
Dolores goes back to a theme park.
Francis makes a corporeal appearance.
Francis's voice is heard.
The audience finds out a human is actually a host.
A host gets unauthorized access to Rehoboam.
A host returns from the Valley Beyond to the real world.
More than 100 hosts are shown in a single scene.
A staff or cast member from Game of Thrones makes a cameo.
A celebrity (not main-cast) makes a cameo.
Jon Nolan or Lisa Joy make a cameo.
The identity of one of the mystery hosts Dolores brought along is revealed.
A faceless drone makes an appearance.
New gadget is introduced (such as the tool Ash used to prevent being tracked or the augmented reality glasses).
A host drives a car or flying vehicle.
A character references the special value of the Delos corporation.
A character drinks coffee.
A host makes a joke.
A human or host questions if a host is lying.
Someone takes an implant (limbic sedative).
There's fire.
There's opera.
A host talks about the "books".
There's a callback to another sci-fi show: "I'm afraid I can't do that".
There's a slow-mo aerial cinematic shot (a la Bladerunner).
There's a scene in an elevator.
A host cornerstone is referenced.
Stubbs makes an appearance.
There's a hologram phone call.
The man in black (William) does something business related.
Reverie's are mentioned or the song Reverie by Debussy is played.
Maeve denies being controlled.
Someone tries to "break out of their loop" (such as Felix wanting to be something besides a butcher).
There's a bird.
